Temporal Service: Web UI (#2872)
temporalio/documentation: docs/web-ui.mdx

Click **Settings** to see and manage the list of users in your account and to set up integrations such as [Observability](/cloud/metrics) and [Audit logging](/cloud/audit-logging).

On a self-hosted Temporal Service, manage your users, metrics, and logging in your [server configuration](/references/configuration).

### Archive

On a self-hosted Temporal Service, Archive shows [Archived](/clusters#archival) data of your Workflow Executions on the Namespace.

> To see data in your self-hosted Temporal Service, you must have [Archival set up and configured](/self-hosted-guide/archival).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see data in your self-hosted Temporal Service, you must set up and configure [Archival](/self-hosted-guide/archival).
```
